As shown, Singlish has a different standard of English,
making it difficult for the rest of the world to understand.
This brought the attention of the government,
as Singlish had decreased the country's overall English standards.
They were concerned Singlish would hinder Singapore's economic development.
So the government launched the Speak Good English movement
to try and improve English standards and eliminate Singlish.
The campaign, however, was not well received by some Singaporeans.
As Singlish helped them to maintain solidarity and friendships among themselves,
supporters felt that he has become a national identity and should not be abolished.
Today, though the use of Singlish is still debatable,
we see the government and the world starting to embrace the language.
Singlish was celebrated in Singapore's 50th birthday
and was also added into the Oxford English Dictionary.
All in all, Singlish defines Singaporeans and connects them with one another.
I'm sure we can all agree that the language will definitely remain in Singapore for a very long time.